The Joe Rogan experience. Think about some jobs like lumber, Jack,
like a lumberjack. You immediately think of a giant man.
I think of a paper towel giant. Yes. Yeah.
That did that for that job. He was a lumber Jack, right? The paper towel guy.
Was he, a guy is not a giant. He maybe is a normal man. Bunion.
Is not the on guy. I look was, it is the Brony guy,
a rip off of the Paul bunion character. Well, Paul bunion is like the,
the fair tale, whatever. But what is,
are we imagining the Brony guy incorrectly?
I have a feeling he's just a regular sized guy. I think he just.
A handsome, he's the kind of guy, men and women.
Wanna. That's right. He's like a Mar bro man type character. <laugh>
he would be the guy that starts the orgy and the LSD camp. Yeah, it's a regular.
Oh, he is clean.
Now. He looks like Teddy from.
It's just a perspective thing. Oh there's. Well, I remember there's water guy,
but the other that's what I'm saying. Yeah.
There we go. I know.
This guy, guy with the mustache,
the guy with the mustache and the left hand side. Yeah.
He's just a regular size guy with some trees behind him. The guy.
No, the, the,
the guy in the top two is at the same guy or is that different mustache.
Guys? The new guy is, uh, that, that.
Guy is, he died of HIV sadly. And that's why we had this new.
<Laugh> like,
how did I don't understand why they got rid of the old Brony guy made a totally
different guy, a Brony guy?
Cause this Brony guy looks like he lives in long island. And uh, yeah.
He, he.
Looks like Adam, he owns a travel company, something <laugh>
He's got a, like one of them, uh, second market ticket sales companies. Yeah.
They had a.
Thing at strength has no gender. What.
Is that? It's a bro. Is that a Brony commercial please? Yeah,
don't say that's real. Yeah. Yeah. Strength has no gender. That's true.
I guess.
Why are they in the why that looks really like a lesbian book club of some kind
like look at the.
There are definitely women that are stronger than some men. Yeah. Well, I get.
It, but I don't know why I don't. First of all, I don't even why,
why a paper towel would tell me.
Anything? Well, not only that, Isaac, it,
assuming that I don't think that women are strong. It's assuming it.
That's why they have that. Well, it's not, it's not.
It says strength has no gender. Okay. Listen.
It's our women. It's our.
Women. But listen, what if it was us? What if it's a,
a bunch of meathead looking men standing there and said, strength has no gender.
Be like, you. Right. you. We know you're strong. Right?
Stop. Stop. Women are strong too. Like, okay, I didn't say you were.
I just said, strength has no gender. And here's me and.
My friend that somebody in marketing that's like the, the,
whoever does the marketing. They're like,
what do women who are the Don Drapers that go, what do women want? There's a,
like, they're they are angry. They don't think they're strong. Like, that's the,
that's the purely, it's like the dumb dad on the sitcom thing.
That's just like a thing that's been going on for, I don't know, forever.
That image, that insulting.
Yeah. They're teaching you about life while they're selling you paper towels.
Because every woman is an engineer. <laugh>.
But that picture go back to that picture.
I would feel so sold out if I was a guy and I was really into Brony. Cause I.
Kind of looked like the Brony guy and then I go to buy my Brony towels.
And there's three chicks. If you were still position,
if you felt like the Brony guy, but literally.
It's like pregnant men. Okay. The guys a lumberjack,
I would assume most lumberjacks are, are,
are probably big strong men.
You don't think he became a gay kind of icon. I mean,
I understand the saying the idea.
That they have three female lumberjacks three.
Well, you do the job of one man.
<laugh> that was a lo you've got a, for the grand slam.
He has to Jack the lumber of one full man.
This is gonna take three of these strong ladies. It's just.
What are the percentages of women that are lumber Jackson?
What's the likelihood of three of them being on a team.
It looks in, in that picture, he looks like a guy who's about to take a off.
And by.
The way, this is an ignorant question.
I I'm aware if you're a female lumberjack and you're mad at mere right now.
I'm sorry. I don't know anybody. That's a female lumberjack. I'm just ask,
just asking questions. They mean they're wearing lumberjack clothes.
That's what a lumberjack wear. I'm assuming are you posing shirt? What is this?
Is.
This stole Val, if you have it is stolen.
It's stolen valor. Is it stolen? Valor?
Are you pretending you're out there carrying trees?
You wearing a lumber. Jack shirt is stolen valid. It's stolen valid.
These aren't lumber jacks. These are models.
These are hot chicks with nice nails.
They're not out there carrying trees and. You.
Know, they could, by the way that girl, they're not,
you I'll tell you what the women that do do that job.
I promise they're not gonna put on the paper towel.
<laugh> there's you're right. They look like you there's. Yeah.
Just put a wig on the guy.
Look at that one. Lady with her sleeves rolled up. Are you about to go to work?
Look at her, go to that picture, click on that. She's got this really thin body.
This really thin arms. And she's got her sleeves rolled up with her flan shirt,
flannel shirt on in front of a bunch of trees. Are you about to chop trees down?
Ma'am because you weigh 90 pounds. I, you get.
Out of the,
I think the idea is to make you think that you feel like a lumberjack while
you're wiping your counter down is the, is what they're trying to do.
I think we need.
To be more respectful about what the it means to be a lumberjack.
I would think you,
you would think that that would be romantic until you did that job.
Eight hours a day, five days a week and your body broken down,
cuz you're carrying logs on your shoulder. It you're chopping at trees.
Oh my God. Was your father a lumberjack? Cause I was very.
This is what I feel. You, you can't pretend you're a lumber Jack.
You can't take a hot model and cover a face with a little bit of coal powder and
pretend she's a coal miner in West Virginia getting black lung.
You can't cuz she's not. If you.
<Laugh>, that sounds like a great point. Best.
I believe you. You're not a lumber Jack lady and that guy. Okay.
Brony. What, what if that was for Simak and uh, he was breastfeeding.
What about that?
But that would be hilarious. Just as.
Likely as that lady being a lumberjack,
<laugh> just as likely that the Brony guy is breastfeeding.
<Laugh> yeah, I think.
Yes.
Just as likely lumberjack is a brutal physical
it's. If a woman's doing it, that woman's gonna be jacked.
She's gonna be strong as the.
What's the one that, uh, Jean shirt.
I just left it with that.
Less issues. What's the one that kicked off the whole like uh, oh,
the Gillette one, like the one that kicked off the whole, uh, uh,
like men advertising. What was that one? You know the Gillette. I don't,
I don't who's a while ago. It's that? Did I miss it?
It was like I some outrage. Yeah, we.
Talked about it. I'm sure you must have talked about it. Which one was it?
It was Hal. It was about, uh, Gillette. The man can get,
is this the best a man can get? And then they would,
and it was like the me too movement.
Time's up the guy's looking in the mirror himself and then it, it cuts. Do you.
Don't remember this? Oh, now remember it now I remember it. Yeah.
It was preposterous. I am pretty high. So no, no, no. I remember it now. I,
I blocked it out like a childhood molestation.
Well then there was like a, a fake debate. All these people are like,
I'm never buying, you know, people are tweeting,
they're throwing out their razors. And um, somebody told me like,
it it's brilliant because it's to the women who are buying the razors,
but he is the thing. The women are buying RA. They're not into that. Either.
The, a woman that's buying razors for a man is also not into the Gillette ad.
So whoever's in charge of the marketing. They it's their entire like.
What do you think that is?
Do you think that's like someone who decides they're gonna cash in? Yeah.
Well it's that? And they just say,
maybe there's an opportunity here to make some money and oh dude.
Wait, well you okay? I totally forgot. <laugh> what, what, what do you remember?
Look at this. The guy men with their sick. Now,
did you see what they just showed? It's.
Like a, the guy put his hand on her shoulder. No.
It was a sitcom, right?
Where a white guy grabs his black maids and it's all men in the ocean going ha
ha ha. What show is that? The,
the guy would just grab his MAs and everyone was like, yay.
Is there a show like that? Maybe married with children? No, look at, even then,
let me see it again. That's fake, but that's so fake.
That's a bizarre dynamic.
But it's, you're right. You're dead. Right?
Because it's a recreation of something that didn't really happen. What.
Is that supposed to be an example of?
That's not even like a mashup of anything I've ever seen, but.
It's like, they made a fake TV show. Yeah. That's.
Where that's like, here's an example of the type of shows you like,
no one was watching that, but.
That's not even a show. Right. That's why it's so weird. It's not even. Yeah.
So it's like a straw man show. The whole.
Thing is a strong.
Right. But I mean that if they're, but that's a weird way of doing it.
Is that what they were depicting? Were they depicting a fake sitcom? Yeah. Fake.
It seemed like it. Right? Mm-hmm <affirmative> which, I mean,
it seemed like it was Well,
the weird is that they don't have a real example. How weird is that?
This is like on a fake set right there. There he is. Oh yeah. How weird is.
That guy?
Like not even a puppet did like that on one of the puppet sitcoms from the.
Nineties.
And that's weird too guy put his hand on that girl's shoulder and she had this
weird look in her face. Like, oh my.
God. I know that's the craziest, like if a woman,
I thought it was a Joe Biden campaign. <laugh>.
If you were with the woman and she put her hand on your shoulder,
like that you'd be, it would be nothing. Um.
Right. Yeah. Well it, it's not a good, well,
it's not a good example to put in your ad. I look in a real situation like, Hey,
I felt this weird thing.
I'm sure there could be a situation that someone puts their hand on your
shoulder and it's weird, right? Oh yeah. Not automatically. Or, or.
That you're they insulted you. Yeah. And then they put their hand on your.
Shoulder. Why are you putting this?
The whole point that I can't get past is why the is just,
why are you talking about this now? Why.
Arm? Why aren't you telling me how great your razors are? You. You.
Should be begging me to buy your RA. You moron. What.
Are you doing?
They think it causes teaching people. No.
Cuz then you talk about it like on a podcast. Right? And then they're like, see,
you've got engagement. That doesn't mean people are gonna buy this.
I'm not gonna not buy it. I just think some marketing person up.
I don't think it's representative of the whole company. Um,
it's some marketing person. They just, they decided they were gonna like, yeah.
Right. Hatch or hitch a ride onto the back of this movement. A.
Bunch of things did. Yeah, for.
Sure. A ton. Isn't that weird when they do that, it's like, like,
it's you think I'm so stupid. I'm not gonna know what you're doing. That.
You're cause statistically you are that Stu they have some kind of research
where they're like, yes you are statistically. It's like the,
the letter from Nigeria to,